welcome to another edition of between
two ferns and my guest today is my
people cover hey you're gonna be here
say of all the things you can win an
Oscar for how surprised are you that you
won one for acting here we go I noticed
that you're wearing a shirt is
everything okay
and you have a major leak in here I'm so
I'm so sorry don't do that
heute smelled Matthew McConaughey he's
dead he's brought back to life
he was momentarily dead you owe me
go across the country get ten more
episodes of between two friends ten your
dumb internet talk show and you give me
a network culture I'm a white man and
I'm straight I deserve it
green as ever
the whip off to you we're taken between
two ferns on the road
[Music]
my guest today is Benedict Cumberbatch
but Benedict Kemp benefit Lumberjacks
job
I'm the Benedict Cumberbatch that's what
it is I read online that you're a very
private and declined to answer questions
that make you feel uncomfortable is that
true and how old were you when you got
your first period
Bradley Cooper co-wrote directed and
starred in a star is born I hear it's
great are you hoping that will open
doors for other hot idiots I don't know
if I'm gonna get these shows out we
don't have any money we're hungry we're
gonna order the clam strips how big are
they have you ever seen in a chicken
strip I've never seen a chicken were
close
here's to the crazy ones
the misfits ending docks I'm just
curious about the pathology behind this
some people would say we're the crazy
ones but I think we're doing blue I love
your show
what if we take this upstairs he's
probably at home polishing his he got is
that what he calls his penis between two
ferns the movie is this gonna be it is
it gonna be in theaters not in theaters
not in theaters
you